the torch right here you see it huh can
you maybe go over each one time Bethy
did you take yes I did
Oh Oh a trap a trap I survived it
because the feather falling
hey guys Cuba hamster here with a new
video a while back and this is all super
spoiler I competed in the hermit craft
UHC season 8 and it will say
invite your friends UHC was something
new and I basically teamed up with fall
symmetry the UHC expert and we had a lot
of fun but unfortunately at some point
she got killed and I didn't have a lot
of health and I was basically stuck in a
hole underground with three and a half
HP iron gear no enchants I had a diamond
sword
I had no golden apples no teammate no
anvil like it was horrible it was really
horrible but I did the only thing I
could do at that point and which was you
know set a trap for unsuspected other
players and yeah as you saw in the intro
of this video it turned out great I
ended up killing Javon but it was an
amazing sport by the way but he had an
amazing gear so I got always amazing
gear and then later duck and pumice they
also you're at least doc like they went
into my trap and he actually survived
the fall we could see he had fed her
fall for on his boots that he found in a
dungeon which was an amazing coincident
that it turned out that that actually
saved his life only for a little while
though
but like overall it was a lot of fun
one thing that was super unfortunate
that was that my recording software
wasn't working at the time but if you
haven't seen like I did at least
recommend the last two two episodes
false actually recorded some spectator
food footage which I'll link in the
description where you know other Hermits
on team teamspeak like comment on like
all the stuff that's happening with the
teams that are still alive and it is
hilarious so if you want to listen to
you know zombie cleo and soldier and
bully creeper etc
you should definitely go listen to that
and watch it but anyways this videos
about the trap I used and if you have
seen the footage there was like a whole
bunch of redstone on the floor and yeah
basically that was all meant as as a
decoy
the only redstone you need for my my
trap and we're gonna call it my trap
because I think it's the first one
that's been you know sort of successful
and you're at sea but the only thing you
need is a normal piston a stone pressure
plate and one redstone dust like all the
other stuff was just made as decoy I was
kind of expecting like people do not
fall for it and then you know disabling
the trap by knocking out some redstone
and then on the way up they would still
fall in my trap after that it killed me
which would have been hilarious but that
was like in the end that that wasn't
necessary but yeah if you look at it now
down the stairs this looks not
suspicious at all but if I point my
mouse there you'll see that there's
actually a stone pressure plate there
it's extremely difficult to see
extremely difficult to see but yeah
basically if I go like this it's instant
like a piston extends and you fall down
and depending on deep it is you'll you
know die unless you have feather falling
or something which is kind of unlikely
but this is basically the this setup
there's a redstone dust normal block
piston pressure plate and then you just
you know put some stone cobblestone in
the furnace to make smooth stone and you
cover it all up and I actually had like
a piece of cobblestone like here just to
make it less likely for players to be
able to sneak around the corner but even
that like it's it's extremely difficult
technically I like I had to hold shift
and stuff there if you go around the
corner you could maybe make it but
that's why you have like a block there
and when you're like doing this
unsuspectedly it's a lot more difficult
to do but yeah guys I
I hope you like cube hamster's patented
read something for you at cease
it's very effective if you did sure to
leave a like and I highly recommend you
check out the spectator footage because
it is kind of hilarious to watch anyways
guys thanks for watching and yeah I will
see you all later bye bye